Test case: ("data.txt",3,3)
   I am currently studying postulate theorems for triangles. I have been    
   informed that you are looking for faster ways to make sure wingtips on airplanes    
   are congruent. We took the initiative to make your job way easier by sharing    
   the results to our research. My classmates and I have performed tests to see    
   what postulates are the quickest and most efficient methods. With these    
   postulates, we can quickly measure 3 parts of the triangle instead of 6 to make sure    
   they are congruent. These postulates are Side-Side-Side (SSS), Side-Angle-Side    
   (SAS), Angle-Side-Angle (ASA), and Angle-Angle-Side (AAS). These postulates will    
   make your job easier each day. Each postulate means different things, so    
   it’s best to explain them to you. Since we can easily use three parts of the    
   triangle to find congruency, we will use postulates that use 3 parts.    
   Side-Side-Side is a postulate that finds sets of congruent sides from 2 triangles.    
   Side-Angle-Side is a postulate that finds 2 sets of congruent sides, but there is one set    
   of angles that are placed between two sides. Angle-Side-Angle is a postulate    
   that finds two sets of congruent angles, but there is one set of sides that    
   are congruent that are placed between two angles in one triangle.    
   Angle-Angle-Side is a postulate that finds two sets of angles that are congruent, but one    
   set of sides that are far away from the angles. However, while all of these    
   postulates would work, my classmates and I believe that the SAS postulate is going    
   to help you best. We used this example of triangles in order to prove that    
   the easiest and quickest way to prove a set of triangles are congruent is    
   through the Side-Angle-Side Postulate. 

Test case: ("data.txt",9,4)
    I am currently studying postulate theorems for triangles. I have          
    been informed that you are looking for faster ways to make sure          
    wingtips on airplanes are congruent. We took the initiative to make your          
    job way easier by sharing the results to our research. My classmates          
    and I have performed tests to see what postulates are the quickest and          
    most efficient methods. With these postulates, we can quickly measure 3          
    parts of the triangle instead of 6 to make sure they are congruent.          
    These postulates are Side-Side-Side (SSS), Side-Angle-Side (SAS),          
    Angle-Side-Angle (ASA), and Angle-Angle-Side (AAS). These postulates will make your          
    job easier each day. Each postulate means different things, so it’s          
    best to explain them to you. Since we can easily use three parts of the          
    triangle to find congruency, we will use postulates that use 3 parts.          
    Side-Side-Side is a postulate that finds sets of congruent sides from 2          
    triangles. Side-Angle-Side is a postulate that finds 2 sets of congruent          
    sides, but there is one set of angles that are placed between two sides.          
    Angle-Side-Angle is a postulate that finds two sets of congruent angles, but there          
    is one set of sides that are congruent that are placed between two          
    angles in one triangle. Angle-Angle-Side is a postulate that finds two          
    sets of angles that are congruent, but one set of sides that are far          
    away from the angles. However, while all of these postulates would          
    work, my classmates and I believe that the SAS postulate is going to          
    help you best. We used this example of triangles in order to prove that          
    the easiest and quickest way to prove a set of triangles are congruent          
    is through the Side-Angle-Side Postulate. 

Test case: ("data.txt",5,7)
       I am currently studying postulate theorems for triangles. I have      
       been informed that you are looking for faster ways to make sure wingtips      
       on airplanes are congruent. We took the initiative to make your job      
       way easier by sharing the results to our research. My classmates and I      
       have performed tests to see what postulates are the quickest and most      
       efficient methods. With these postulates, we can quickly measure 3 parts of      
       the triangle instead of 6 to make sure they are congruent. These      
       postulates are Side-Side-Side (SSS), Side-Angle-Side (SAS), Angle-Side-Angle      
       (ASA), and Angle-Angle-Side (AAS). These postulates will make your job      
       easier each day. Each postulate means different things, so it’s best to      
       explain them to you. Since we can easily use three parts of the triangle to      
       find congruency, we will use postulates that use 3 parts. Side-Side-Side      
       is a postulate that finds sets of congruent sides from 2 triangles.      
       Side-Angle-Side is a postulate that finds 2 sets of congruent sides, but there is      
       one set of angles that are placed between two sides. Angle-Side-Angle      
       is a postulate that finds two sets of congruent angles, but there is      
       one set of sides that are congruent that are placed between two angles      
       in one triangle. Angle-Angle-Side is a postulate that finds two sets      
       of angles that are congruent, but one set of sides that are far away      
       from the angles. However, while all of these postulates would work, my      
       classmates and I believe that the SAS postulate is going to help you best. We      
       used this example of triangles in order to prove that the easiest and      
       quickest way to prove a set of triangles are congruent is through the      
       Side-Angle-Side Postulate. 